README.md, before:

cinebook-teamL
Backend

This folder contains the files related to the Spring backend server with APIs exposed to perform several actions. The main contents are as follows:


Model:

    Movies: The database for Movies.
    Theater: The database for Theaters.
    Tickets: The database for the booked tickets.
    User: The database for user details.

Controller:

    MovieAPIS: APIs for managing the Movies database.
    TheaterAPIS: APIs for the Theater actions.
    TicketsAPIS: APIs for managing the Tickets.
    UserApIS: APIs to handle user functions.

Configuration:

    AppSecurityConfig: Configuration to manage Spring security.
    SwaggerConfig: Configuration for Swagger to test the exposed APIs.

Service:

    It contains the services that the APIs would perform.

Frontend:

This folder has all the necessary files required for the frontend application of Cinebook-teamL.


Components:
This folder has all the necessary components required for the react application.


CSS:
This folder has the .css file ti the style the components

App.js ithe main page where the react application starts.

Commit message:

Application document updated
Application document updated

README.md, after:

# Installation
1.    Clone the repository
2.    run the backend server
3.    run the React application
4.    connet via localhost:3000


cinebook-teamL
Backend

This folder contains the files related to the Spring backend server with APIs exposed to perform several actions. The main contents are as follows:


Model:

    Movies: The database for Movies.
    Theater: The database for Theaters.
    Tickets: The database for the booked tickets.
    User: The database for user details.

Controller:

    MovieAPIS: APIs for managing the Movies database.
    TheaterAPIS: APIs for the Theater actions.
    TicketsAPIS: APIs for managing the Tickets.
    UserApIS: APIs to handle user functions.

Configuration:

    AppSecurityConfig: Configuration to manage Spring security.
    SwaggerConfig: Configuration for Swagger to test the exposed APIs.

Service:

    It contains the services that the APIs would perform.

Frontend:

This folder has all the necessary files required for the frontend application of Cinebook-teamL.


Components:
This folder has all the necessary components required for the react application.


CSS:
This folder has the .css file ti the style the components

App.js ithe main page where the react application starts.
